Model inflexible devices as assets; drop the unreleased flex-context group field (#2374)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/changelog.rst

New features
-------------

* New ``inflexible-consumption`` and ``inflexible-production`` flex-context fields make explicit how the sign of each inflexible device's power data should be read (positive values denote consumption resp. production), accepting sensor references with optional source filters; they replace the now-deprecated ``inflexible-device-sensors`` field (bare sensor IDs, sign read from each sensor's ``consumption_is_positive`` attribute), which remains supported [see `PR #2358 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2358>`_]

> * An inflexible (unschedulable) device can be modelled as its own asset by giving its flex-model entry a single ``inflexible-consumption`` or ``inflexible-production`` sensor reference; such a device joins a ``group`` like any other member, so its fixed (measured) load counts towards the group's intermediate power constraint [see `PR #2374 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2374>`_]

Author: ```suggestion
* An inflexible (unschedulable) device can be modelled as its own asset by giving its flex-model entry a single ``inflexible-consumption`` or ``inflexible-production`` sensor reference; such a device can be assigned to a ``group`` like any other member, so its fixed (measured) load counts towards the group's intermediate power constraint [see `PR #2374 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2374>`_]
```
